Add usage example for tszip and tsunzip (#155)
tskit-dev/tszip: docs/cli.md

The `tsunzip` program is an alias for `tszip -d`.

> To compress or decompress a single file to a different filename, simply pipe to a new file via stdout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compress or decompress a single file to a different filename, redirect stdout to a new file:
```
